Go to Scratch for Budding Computer Scientists (link on bit.ly/SAHSCS) and answer the
following questions.

You will need to create a file that is named your username and paste your answers in it.
After you have completed the questions, submit a pull request in this same repository.

1) Why is there such a "learning curve" when learning a traditional programming
language such as Java?
To learn traditional programming languages such as Jave, you have to learn to read and write the new language.

2) What is learning to program ultimately about?
Learning to think logically and approach problems methodically.

3) How does Scratch "lower the bar" to programming?
It allows the budding computer scientist to solve problems rather than syntax.

4) What is a statement in a programming language?
A directive that tells the computer to do something. 

5) What is a Boolean expression?
A statement that is either true or false.

6) What is a conditional statement?
Something that must be true in order for something to happen.

7) What is a loop used for in a programming language?
To induce multiple executions of statements.

8) What is the difference between a local variable and a global variable?
A local variable can be used by just one sprite while a global variable can be used by all sprites.

9) What is a Boolean variable?
A variable that takes place only takes on a value of true or false

10) Which type of blocks in Scratch can be considered threads?
The when flag is clicked block is considered a thread.

11) Which type of blocks in Scratch can be considered event handlers?
Broadcast blocks are considered event handlers.

12) How many sprites are implemented in Oscartime?
9 sprites are implemented in Oscartime.

13) How many threads are used to display the Oscartime game instructions?
Just one thread is used.

14) How many threads are used by Oscartime's Oscar sprite?
The Oscar sprite uses 3 threads.

15) What programming constructs does Scratch NOT support?
Methods, Parameters, Return Values,inheritance and polymorphism are missing from Scratch.
